What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need
to do it?

In order to initialize a new repository in the folder desired
you should type git init which will create a new repository, but
it will not create any commit yet.


How is the staging area different from the working directory
and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is somewhere between the working directory and
the repository, the idea is to collect all the files to be
included in a commit before the commit is created. The command
git add is used for that end.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one 
commit per logical change?

There is a way to check what is different between the folder
directory to the staging area as well as from the staging area
to the last commit. So you can check if the change that you
have already made is in the staging area and/or in the last
commit.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in
keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are usefull if there are some options to try, but
the master one may continue being update. Branches just 
create another set where all the files are modified with
the aim of implement something additional to the main path
but without changing it


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It is easier to identify where a new branch started, and how
the other branches have developed after that point.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do 
we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The resulting commit will have information of both parents
and will take one of the branches as a head (name) and the
other can be deleted due to it has no longer valuable info.
The branches show how 2 series of commits were developed
independantly and then when they merge.


What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs 
always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging will merge the files and show you the 
conflics if they are present. It will work pretty well in
merging branches entirely independent but you should be 
careful when they are interconnected.

